Document HTCondor 8.8 MOUNT_UNDER_SCRATCH defaults (SOFTWARE-3918) (#638)
opensciencegrid/docs: docs/release/release_series.md

        :::console
        root@host # yum update 'condor*'

1. **HTCondor pools only:**

    - The default authentication, `DAEMON_LIST`, and `CONDOR_HOST` configuration changed in HTCondor 8.8 in OSG 3.5.
      Similarly, the `DAEMON_LIST` and `CONDOR_HOST` configuration changed in OSG 3.4.
      If you are experiencing issues with communication between hosts in your pool after the upgrade,
      the default OSG configuration is listed in `/etc/condor/config.d/00-osg_default_*.config`:
      ensure that any default configuration is overriden with your own `DAEMON_LIST`, `CONDOR_HOST`, and/or
      [security](https://htcondor.readthedocs.io/en/v8_8_4/admin-manual/security.html) configuration in subsequent files.

>     - `MOUNT_UNDER_SCRATCH` now has default values of `/tmp` and `/var/tmp`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - As of HTCondor 8.8, `MOUNT_UNDER_SCRATCH` has default values of `/tmp` and `/var/tmp`
```

      (https://htcondor.readthedocs.io/en/stable/admin-manual/configuration-macros.html#condor-startd-configuration-file-macros).
      If the partition containing your execute directories is large enough, we recommend setting your

>       [OSG\_WN\_TMP](/worker-node/using-wn#the-worker-node-evnironment) to `/tmp` or `/var/tmp`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      [OSG\_WN\_TMP](/worker-node/using-wn#the-worker-node-evironment) to `/tmp` or `/var/tmp`.
```
